All right first not repeating character.
So here this is actually one of the interview practice Amazon problems so sign on a How so.
Here what we're doing is we are getting a string and we want to return the first character that is not
repeating.
So that's our objective here.
So in in here all of the characters are repeating So we're just going to return to underscore.
And this right here is the only one that's repeating that's not repeating it's a C and it's the very
first one.
That's our objective here.
And in this case they want us to do oh it's the one additional memory which means that they don't want
us to be using any nested for loops.
In this case now it's just another
no.
Another objective of our solution here.
So how I use how I solve this was split and has own property.
All right so the hardest part of this one for me was trying to figure out a way to do this without a
nested for loop.
And I came up with a clever way of doing it.
So first thing we need to do is convert this string into an array of characters.
So we'll just call this char's or in a similar way of type String Array that's going to be equal as
essed split or a split on each character.
OK so that's pretty straightforward because we don't check every value.
Now the way that I get around doing this for loops is I create a duplicate object this is just going
to be an empty object now and eventually we will attach something that keeps track of the count of the
bit of them as well as the index of value.
And we're going to have an answer here as well which by default we're going to set to that underscore
for when things fail so at the end here what we're going to return is answer.
That's what we're in our trials go ahead and start equal quick.
So that's our goal is to modify it answer here.
And I'm also going to have a index answer.
This is what we're going to keep track of which number came first and so by default we're going to set
number to the max safe integer.
This is a perfect solution because what if we happen to have a string that has the max in there I guess
the last value could.
There's no finite.
Is it.
There is a chance that the last character of a string could of the max save string could in fact be
the case.
That's a very out there thing think it could happen.
So now we're going to iterate through our chars and we're going to with two for each.
We're going to and we're going to have an element which is the value itself.
Now we're going to have the second prendre which is going to be an index or inducers stuff.
All right.
So what are we do.
Well we're going to check if the element or that is a property already on our plates.
So if it's not an element so duplicates
as property does not view this.
What are we to do.
Well we're just go ahead and create that property.
And on it we're going to set the ego to an object where there is a count or initialiser to one.
And then there is an index which will be the index value.
This will this will allow us to compare how many times we get called.
Meaning is it repeating.
And also where it where in the array is that happening.
So next we just need to do the else for that so that we can continue to keep track and which will just
say duplicate duplicates
element.
So that counts plus plus we're going to add one to count the.
And then we're also going to go ahead and update the index value
I think about it I don't think I need this index value of.
All right.
We'll worry about that right now.
OK.
So now that we have that we have all our data that we need we have how many times is called in what
order it comes up or index.
All we have to do is one last iteration
and this is just a for in loop iterate through the Keys so create a key and duplicate
and say go ahead and mine is just a little bit.
And in here what we do is will say if duplicates
and the key dot count is equally equal to 1 and duplicates key Don index where it's located and a string
is a less than index answer meaning less than the shortest value or the shortest index spots shortest
spot in the string.
Go ahead and set answer equal the key.
And while we're at it because we're iterating through it and there's maybe a you know we don't know
what or it's obvious cues are going to go in alphabetical order I believe.
We don't know.
You know when we hit it the first time.
But we're going to go ahead a recent index answer answer and then we're done.
We get C and we get our underscore and everyone is happy.
Doree I remember I saw this the first time with some double nested array values.
And but this is going to be exponentially faster than nesting to for loops which was one of the objectives
as well.